Peppa and her family
are on their way to visit cousin Chloe.
I love playing with big cousin Chloe.
Chloe…Chloe…
Oh, Chloe.
Hi, there.
These are my friends,
Simon Squirrel and Belinda Bear.
You can call me Si. It's short for Simon.
And I'm Be. It's short for Belinda.
I'm Peppa.
We'll call you Pe.
Oh... And this is George.
We'll call you Ge.
Oh…
You didn't tell us
you have baby cousins, Chloe.
I'm not a baby.
But you are both little.
I am a big girl. George is little.
Eh…Why don't we all play a game?
Yes. Let's play "Hide and seek".
We don't play baby games any more.
We are almost grown-Up.
What's about the "Yes/No game"?
What's the "Yes/No game"?
I ask things and you answer.
What makes that a game?
You mustn't say yes or no.
Too easy.
Do you want to play then?
Yes.
A-Ha. You said yes.
That's not fair. I wasn't ready.
Be, are you ready?
Yes.
A-Ha. I win the game.
Peppa is very good at
playing the "Yes/No game".
Can I ask the questions?
Of course.
You don't mind
me asking you the questions?
I don't mind.
Am I ever going to
make you say yes or no?
I don't think so.
Oh… I give up. How do you always win?
Easy. I just don't say yes or no.
Ah, I win.
You said yes and no.
That was fun.
Let's play another game.
Have you ever played "Sardines"?
What's that?
Someone hides
and we all try to find them.
That sounds like "Hide and seek".
But when you find them,
You keep quiet and hide in the
same space until everyone is hiding there.
Like sardines in a tin.
All right. Let's try it.
George, you hide first.
One, two, three…
George is looking for somewhere to hide.
Nine, ten.  Ready or not, here we come.
George, I can see your wiggly tail.
Peppa is hiding with George.
Move over, George.
Found you.
Now, Chloe must
squeeze in with Peppa and George.
Move up.
There you all are.
Now, Belinda Bear must squeeze in, too.
Good job.
We're like sardines in a tin.
Where's everyone gone?
Surprise.
Ah…Can we stop running around now?
Yeah. Let's just chew out.
Chew out? What's that?
We just sit around and talk about stuff.
I like talking. Blah…blah…blah…
Let's talk about music. I dig blue's music.
I like red's music.
I like green's music.
We don't like children's music.
No, no, no.
What music are you into?
I like this. It's very grown-Up.
Head, shoulders,
knees and toes,knees and toes
And eyes and ears and mouth and nose…
Head, shoulders,
knees and toes, knees and toes…
Peppa. George. It's time to go home now.
You will see Chloe again soon.
I'm coming
to your house next week, Peppa.
Can we come along, too?
You can come.
But we will be playing games.
We like playing
games with Peppa and George.
Hooray!
You can still have fun playing games
Even when you're almost grown up.